Scaler vars for distance between pointA and pointB to randomize where the ball would be instantiated
Directional que where the actor wants to go
Actor gate
Actor fence
Camera mode orthographic

2 Factions[DEBUGGING]
Game round max[DEBUGGING]
Game round time
Faction game phase : attacker, defender. turn based each round
Actor max detection radius
Faction's area
Faction alias
Ball spawned in randomly generated inside faction's(attacker) area

Collider solid to solid
Collider solid to any actor enable at certain condition
Collider system always enable

First time create do raycast thru fence

Energy bar empty when round starts[DEBUGGING]
Energy bar regenerated overtime by speed(1s)
Actor energy meter[DEBUGGING]
Highlight current active actor energy

Tap on faction area mesh to spawn based on faction's game phase
Tap on attacked land will spawn attacker
Tap on defensed land will spawn defender

Every Actor has state : inactive, active, standby[DEBUGGING]

Behavior :
ATTACKER:
Attacker spawn cost 2 energy, inactive 3s on spawned
when active state :
chase bomb/ball until it is hold by an atacker

if holding ball then :
go to oppoponent gate at speed-6
can be caught by oppoponent's defender
if caught, pass the ball/bomb to nearest active player with speed 7 and become inactive 4s

if no ball/bomb to chase or hold, go straight to oppoponet landfield with speed 5
when collide with fence with then destroy
cannot be caught, go through all actor
when inactive state :
greyscale until active state
stop moving and let any soldier pass through

DEFENDER:
Detection circle is only available at standbystate
Spawn energy cost 2 ponts, inactive on spawn for 3s
when active state :
Standby
When attacker with ball enter detection circle
set target as the attacker and chase with speed of 5
if target caight, set as inactive for 4s
when inactive state :
greyscale until active state
moving back to spawn pos with speed of 8
let anything go thorugh it

After 5 match
Game over if the player has less win than opponents
Player will be winner if have win count than enemy
If win check is equal. enter pinalty game

Rush mode for last 15s in each round
energy regenerate faster
defender reactiate when back to position
attacker carry the ball moves slower

Game Ends:
The ball reach opponents gate, attacker win
when timeout, ball is not on opponents gate, match is draw
when attacker is caught but no other attacker is available to pass the ball, defender wins

LookupTable :
Game 5 match, 140sec each, max energy bar 6
Soldier :
energy regenerate : attacker.. 0.5/s defender.. 0.5/scale
Energy cost : attacker.. 2 points.. defender.. 3points
spawn time : attacker.. 0,5/s defender.. 0.5/s 
Reactive time : attacker.. 2.5s defender.. 4s
Normal speed : attacker.. 1.5*deltaTime defender.. 1.08deltaTime
Carry speed : atacker .75*deltaTime
Ball speed : 1.5*deltaTime
ReturnSpedd : defender.. 2*deltaTime
Detection range : 35% width of battlefield

Animation when caught one another
Animation for defender vision
Animation when soldier is spawn 
animation when attacker is destroyed at opponents fence

Detect ARSurface and put gameplay on top of it
Switch between normal and ARMode
particle VFX on touch with fence
Soldier when in countdown await reactivation
Defender detection circle

Penalty mode :
only 1 attacker available and always start in player's gate
generate maze inside map with open way to go from opponent gate to player gate
ball will be generated inside maze
there set a limit time when player can get to ball and then opponent gate

Add game menu
Add pause menu
win lose screen each match
Add bgm
Add sfx
use cinemacihne as intro

ARMode
Button to swith to ARMode inrealtime
Placement
show/hide visualization scanned area
has pinch to scale game world
has swipe to rotate horizontally the game world
Display shadow for game board
Use of URP